---
applyTo: '**'
---
# This file goal

This file provides instructions about the end to end user story and intern logic of the application.

First, the user will land on the Login/Register page.
If the user is not registered, he can go to the Register page to create an account with username and password.
Once registered, the user can login with his credentials.
After login, the user will land on the Dashboard page where he can see his existing sites(if any) and create a new site.
The user can create a new site by providing a site name. a string id will be generated for the site. the string id is generated by replacing spaces with hyphens and converting to lowercase. the public site url will be http://frontend-url/public_site/{string_id}.
By default, the site configuration json will be created with default being all "empty" values.
IN the database, we will create one category "Default Category" for the site, and one product "Default Product" under that category with one variant "Default Variant" with stock 0.
The user can select a site to edit by clicking on it. this will navigate to the Site Editor page.
On the Site Editor page, the user can manage the site configuration (title, description, contact text, css template) using a form.
The user can also manage the product catalogue using the Catalogue Management component.
The Catalogue Management component will display the list of categories, products and variants.
The user can add/edit/delete categories, products and variants using the component.

Back to the technical aspect, when the user updates the site configuration form, a PUT request is sent to the builder-service to update the site configuration json in the Minio storage.
When the user manages the product catalogue, the component will send requests to the catalogue-service containing the entire catalogue for the site.

A public user, knowing one of the site public url, can access the public site page and view the site content. the Public page contains on the top the site configuration (title, description, contact text) and below the product catalogue.
The styling of the public site is done using the css template provided in the site configuration.